# Walmart\Models\Supplier\US\Items\ItemConfigurations

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**walmartItemNumber** | **string** | Indicates the internal number assigned to a supplier that is linked to the GTIN.  The item number represents the configuration of how they will sell, ship, and replenish their merchandise. Multiple item numbers may be associated to the GTIN to support numerous agreements between the supplier and buyer. | [optional]
**channelSold** | **string** | Indicates the channel that the item will be sold through to Walmart customers.  Valid values are:  | Value | Meaning | | --- | ----------- | | DSV | Dropship vendor. Items are fulfilled directly by the supplier through drop ship vending. | | Online | Online. Items are only sold online and fulfilled through a Walmart fulfillment center. | | Stores | In store. Items are sold to customers in stores and online in certain cases. | | [optional]
**fulfillmentMethod** | **string** | Indicates the channel the item is fulfilled to Walmart. | [optional]
**tradeItemSyncStatusCode** | **string** | Indicates the trade item sync status code.  This defines the state of the trade item being synchronized from the global data synchronisation network (GDSN). | [optional]
**supplyItemEffectiveDate** | **\DateTime** | Indicates the timestamp (in ISO 8601 format) that the item is valid for or replenishable for. | [optional]
**supplyItemStatusCode** | **string** | Indicates the status of an item’s ability to be used for replenishment, store orders, and e-commerce orders.  Valid values are:  | Value | Meaning | | --- | ----------- | | A | Active | | D | Discontinued | | I | Inactive | | [optional]
**supplyItemStatusChangeDate** | **\DateTime** | Indicates the timestamp (in ISO 8601 format) that the item status code last changed for this supply item. | [optional]
**walmartDepartmentNumber** | **string** | Indicates the financial department under which items are ordered or replenished. | [optional]
**buyingRegionCode** | **string** | Indicates the code of the region that the item is being sold in.  Items that are shared among all regions, or if selling on both online and in stores the buying region code is 0. Valid values are: 0 - Corporate 1 - Alaska 2 - Hawaii 3 - Puerto Rico 6 - eCommerce 7 - Export | [optional]
**finelineNbr** | **int** | Indicates the fineline number part of the item number grouping hierarchy.  The fineline is created by merchandising to group items more specifically than department number.  Fineline refers to a group of items within a department that show similar sales patterns. | [optional]
**accountingDepartmentNbr** | **string** | Indicates the financial department under which sales and purchases are booked.  Multiple Ordering Departments can roll up to a single Accounting Department. | [optional]
**supplyItemCreateDate** | **\DateTime** | Indicates the timestamp (in ISO 8601 format) that the item was create in the system. | [optional]
**seasonYear** | **int** | Indicates the four-digit year for that item that it is associated with. | [optional]
**seasonCode** | **string** | Indicates the code for the apparel season.  Valid values are: 0- Basic 1- Spring 2- Summer 3- BTS/Fall 4- Winter | [optional]
**unitCost** | **float** | Indicates the price (in US dollars) Walmart is paying the supplier per unit.  This value is limited to two digits places, no commas, or currency symbol. | [optional]
**countryOfOriginAssembly** | **string** | Indicates the country code (in the two-letter IS0 3166 format) where the item or its components are manufactured, produced, or grown.  Valid values include, but are not limited to: CA - Canada CN - China GB - Great Britain MX - Mexico UK - United Kingdom US - United States VN - Vietnam | [optional]
**batchNumberIndicator** | **string** | Indicates the item has a batch or lot number.  If YES, the item has a batch or lot number.  If NO, the item does not have a batch or lot number. | [optional]
**factoryId** | **string[]** | Indicates the Walmart factory ID of the factory where this item will be manufactured.  This value is applicable only for items requiring factory disclosure to Walmart. If factory disclosure is not required for the item, None is returned.  Factory IDs can be obtained by disclosing factory information in the Supplier Profile on Retail Link. | [optional]
**shippingDimensions** | [**\Walmart\Models\Supplier\US\Items\ShippingDimensions**](ShippingDimensions.md) |  | [optional]
**mustShipAlone** | **string** | Indicates the item must ship by itself and not with another item in the same box.  If YES, the item must ship by itself and not with another item in the same box. The item will not be grouped for ship price calculation.  If NO, the item can be shipped with another item in the same box. | [optional]
**supplierMinimumOrderQuantity** | **int** | Indicates the minimum amount or items the warehouse or store can order from a supplier.  The value is in cases for grocery and each for hardlines. Hardlines are defined as consumer durables and can usually be distinguished in a retailer's inventory by whether they come in boxes.  In hardlines, the minimum order quantity must be a multiple of warehouse pack quantity. This is the quantity of the item that comes into the warehouse. | [optional]
**replenishItemSubType** | **int** | Indicates how the product is ordered and delivered to the store.  This is combined with the parameter itemType. | [optional]
**supplyItemExpireDate** | **\DateTime** | Indicates the timestamp (in ISO 8601 format) when to remove an item from the stores and eventually purge from the item file. | [optional]
**informationProviderGLN** | **string** | Indicates the Global Location Number (GLN) used to identify the party providing the product information. | [optional]
**supplierStockID** | **string** | Indicates the number that appears on the Walmart in-store shelf label to identify the product to customers.  This value is also used by Walmart supply chain. | [optional]
**consumerItemNumber** | **string** | Indicates an item number listed as an identical item to the customer.  This is used for grouping like items together on a single shelf. | [optional]
**nationalDrugCode10** | **string** | Indicates the National Drug Code 10 (NDC 10).  The NDC 10 value is an industry-wide code used to identify a prescription product and is displayed on the drug packaging, and can exist in three different numerical formats, 4-4-2, 5-3-2 and 5-4-1. NDC 10 is a unique 10-digit value consisting of a 3-segment number assigned to each medication listed under Section 510 of the U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. | [optional]
**nationalDrugCode11** | **string** | Indicates the National Drug Code 11 (NDC 11).  The NDC 11 is a unique 11-digit value consisting of a 3-segment number assigned to each medication listed under Section 510 of the U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. The NDC 11 value is used for adjudication and financial reconciliation of pharmaceuticals can exist in only one format, 5-4-2, where a zero is inserted to the left of each of the segments as needed to achieve an 11-digit format. | [optional]
**nationalDrugCode12** | **string** | Indicates the National Drug Code 12 (NDC 12).  The NDC 12 is a unique 12-digit value consisting of a 3-segment number assigned to each medication listed under Section 510 of the U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. | [optional]
**markupPercentage** | **float** | Indicates the percentage of profit margin. | [optional]
**prePriceLabelAmount** | **float** | Indicates the selling price printed on the sellable product by the manufacturer. | [optional]
**countryOfOriginComponents** | **string[]** | Indicates the country code (in the two-letter IS0 3166 format) where the item components or raw materials were sourced.  Valid values include, but are not limited to: CA - Canada CN - China GB - Great Britain MX - Mexico UK - United Kingdom US - United States VN - Vietnam | [optional]
**allowedTimeInWarehouseQty** | **int** | Indicates the expected life, in days, of the product once it is received at the warehouse.  This value is the number of days the warehouse has to get the item to the store. The merchandise may be rejected by the DC if there is less that the guaranteed number of days remaining in the life of the product. | [optional]
**palletRoundingPercent** | **float** | Indicates the supplier order rounding percent.  This represents the percentage of a full warehouse pallet that will trigger a full pallet pull. | [optional]
**warehouseMinLifeRemainingtoReceiveQuantity** | **int** | Indicates the minimum number of days of shelf life of the product.  This is the expiration date determined by the seller upon receipt by the buyer. | [optional]
**isConveyable** | **string** | Indicates the warehouse pack may be put on a conveyor belt in the warehouse.  If YES, the warehouse pack may be put on a conveyor belt in the warehouse.  If NO, the warehouse pack may not be put on a conveyor belt in the warehouse. | [optional]
**specialHandlingInstructionCode** | **string** | Indicates instructions on how to handle the product through the shipment and delivery processes.  For example, it may consider what type of pallet base is used such as a CHEP pallet, or slip sheet. | [optional]
**idealTemperatureRangeLowQty** | **string** | This is the lowest ideal temperature (in Fahrenheit) for this merchandise. | [optional]
**idealTemperatureRangeHighQty** | **string** | Indicates the highest ideal temperature (in Fahrenheit) for this merchandise. | [optional]
**isTemperatureSensitive** | **string** | Indicates the item is prone to freezing or melting that may adversely affect it.  If YES, the item is prone to freezing or melting.  If NO, the item is not prone to freezing or melting. | [optional]
**acceptableTemperatureRangeLowQty** | **string** | Indicates the minimum temperature (in Fahrenheit) the product can be stored or transported. | [optional]
**acceptableTemperatureRangeHighQty** | **string** | Indicates the maximum temperature (in Fahrenheit) the product can be stored or transported. | [optional]
**isOversized** | **string** | Indicates the item is oversized.  An oversize item is any item with at least one dimension greater than 50\" and/or a weight of more than 150 pounds.  If YES, the item is oversized.  If NO, the item is not oversized. | [optional]
**exclusiveSupplyDCNbr** | **int** | Indicates the item is supplied exclusively from the distribution center listed.  This is also known as Item Forced Warehouse. | [optional]
**isMasterCarton** | **string** | Indicates the supplier ships a carton that contains multiple orderable packs.  If YES, the supplier ships a carton that contains multiple orderable packs.  If NO, the supplier does not ship a carton that contains multiple orderable packs. | [optional]
**orderSizingFactorQty** | **float** | Indicates a trade item specification other than gross, net weight, or cubic feet for a line trade item or a transaction. | [optional]
**rppc** | **string** | Indicates the product packaged is in a rigid plastic packaging container (rppc) that meets ALL of the given criteria.  If YES, the product packaged is in a rigid plastic packaging container (rppc).  If NO, the product packaged is not in a rigid plastic packaging container (rppc). | [optional]
**warehousePackQuantity** | **int** | Indicates the total consumable selling units in a break pack (warehouse pack). | [optional]
**warehousePackGtin** | **string** | Indicates the GTIN located on an internal container when orderable pack is made up of additional shipping containers. | [optional]
**isBreakPack** | **string** | Indicates the orderable configuration must be opened at the Walmart distribution center.  This is required to send the next level lower Trade Item to the store.  If `YES`, the orderable configuration must be opened at the Walmart distribution center.  If `NO`, the orderable configuration is not required be opened only at the Walmart distribution center. | [optional]
**palletTi** | **int** | Indicates the number of trade items contained on a single layer of a pallet.  This is the GTIN Walmart is ordering (Orderable GTIN). | [optional]
**palletHi** | **int** | Indicates the number of layers that a pallet contains.  This is the GTIN Walmart is ordering (Orderable GTIN). | [optional]
**orderableGTIN** | **string** | Indicates global trade item number (in the GTIN-14 format) that identifies the pack ordered from a supplier and shipped to a Walmart facility.  The 14-digit Global Trade item number. If the returned value is less than 14 digits, add zeros at the beginning to lengthen it to 14 digits. | [optional]
**vendorPackQuantity** | **int** | Indicates the total number of consumable units (or selling units) within a pack.  This is when goods are ordered from a supplier and shipped to a Walmart facility. | [optional]
**each** | [**\Walmart\Models\Supplier\US\Items\Each**](Each.md) |  | [optional]
**innerPack** | [**\Walmart\Models\Supplier\US\Items\InnerPack**](InnerPack.md) |  | [optional]
**case** | [**\Walmart\Models\Supplier\US\Items\ModelCase**](ModelCase.md) |  | [optional]
**pallet** | [**\Walmart\Models\Supplier\US\Items\Pallet**](Pallet.md) |  | [optional]
**publishedGTIN** | **string** | Indicates the GTIN-14 number for the highest level of the item hierarchy that was published for the item through the global data synchronisation network (GDSN).  The 14-digit Global Trade item number. If the returned value is less than 14 digits, add zeros at the beginning to lengthen it to 14 digits. | [optional]
**palletSizeType** | **string** | Valid values are:  | Value | Meaning | | --- | ----------- | | Large | (4' x 4') | | Small | (3' x 3') | | [optional]
**tradeItemNetWeight** | **float** | Indicates the net weight of the supplier pack case (vndr_out_wt).  This excludes the weight of the case packaging. | [optional]
**isDEAReported** | **string** | Indicates this item needs to be reported to the drug enforcement agency (DEA) when received at the distribution centers.  If `YES`, this item needs to be reported to the drug enforcement agency (DEA).  If `NO`, this item does not need to be reported to the drug enforcement agency (DEA). | [optional]
**orderablePackWeightFormat** | **string** | Indicates the trade item pack weight is fixed or variable.  Valid values are:  | Value | Meaning | | --- | ----------- | | Fixed | The weight of the item configuration will not change. | | Variable | The weight of the item will change. | | [optional]
**storeMinimumLifeRemainingToReceive** | **int** | Indicates the minimum number of days that must remain in the life of the product in order to receive it at the store. | [optional]
**plu** | **int** | Indicates the price lookup number.  This value is utilized through the weighing system either through the scales at the back or at the front registers.  The price is set by the weight of the item. | [optional]
**orderablePackType** | **string** | Indicates the orderable pack for pre-items.  Valid values are:  | Value | Meaning | | --- | ----------- | | EA | The orderable unit is a single item (Each). | | Case_Pack | The orderable unit is a case pack. | | Pallet | The orderable unit is a pallet. | | Inner_Pack | The orderable unit is an inner pack. | | [optional]
**sendTraitCodes** | **string** | Indicates the list of traits that will be used to send a supply item to the list of stores that result from the trait logic. | [optional]
**omitTraitCodes** | **string** | Indicates the list of traits which is used to prevent the item from being sent to the stores that result from the trait logic. | [optional]
**destinationFormatCode** | **string[]** | Indicates the store format the item is destined for.  Store formats include:   | Value | Meaning | | --- | ----------- | | WM | Walmart | | SC | Sam's Club | | NM | Neighborhood Market | | [optional]
**isCancelWhenOutInd** | **string** | Indicates the automatic deletion process on warehouse type items.  If `YES`, the system will stop the inbound orders to the distribution centers, while still allowing the stores to pull from their appropriate distribution center. When all the inventories are cleared from the warehouse slots the item will automatically flip to deleted status.  If `NO`, the system will not stop the inbound orders to the distribution centers. | [optional]
**specialConsiderationCode** | **string** | Indicates the code for items that requires special consideration for receipt, internal shipment or display.  These are the unique codes assigned based on characteristics.  Valid values are:   | Value | Meaning | | --- | ----------- | | 1 | High Demand Items | | 2 | Retail Price Exceeds $5000 | | 3 | High Theft Items | | 4 | Lock Required Items | | [optional]
**storeReceiptDescription** | **string** | Indicates to the description to print on the customer's receipt and prompts at the register when the items are scanned.  This is for stores only. Description must be simple and brief so the customer can identify their purchase. | [optional]
**storeLabelDescription** | **string** | Indicates a description that is displayed as the primary description on the shelf label at the store.  Also known as *Shelf Label Item Description 1*. | [optional]
**shelf1Color** | **string** | Indicates a 6 character field used to further describe customer selection points about the merchandise.  It is displayed as one of two choices of additional information the shelf labels in the stores and clubs. Previously referred to as Color; can be used for descriptors specific to the product. | [optional]
**shelf2Size** | **string** | Indicates a 6 character field used to further describe customer selection points about the merchandise.  It is displayed as one of two choices of additional information the shelf labels in the stores and clubs. Previously referred to as Size, this can be used for descriptors specific to the product. | [optional]
**isWeighableAtRegister** | **string** | Indicates the item is weighable at front register.  If `YES`, the item is weighable at front register.  If `NO`, the item is not weighable at front register. | [optional]
**isBackroomScaleInd** | **string** | Indicates that backroom scales are used to ticket merchandise.  This includes the total retail based on the weight or count of the goods placed on the scale and price per measurement.  The total amount is applied to the printed price embedded barcode which allows the cashier to scan at the register and charge the customer the correct amount. This is used mostly in the deli, bakery, produce, and meat.  If `YES`, backroom scales are used to ticket merchandise. Items will be required to be weighed and marked before the customer takes the goods to the register.  If `NO`, backroom scales are not used to ticket merchandise. | [optional]
**hasRFID** | **string** | Indicates the product includes a radio frequency identification (RFID) tracking device to see where the merchandise is located.  If `YES`, the product includes a radio frequency identification (RFID).  If `NO`, the product does not include a radio frequency identification (RFID). | [optional]
**hasSecurityTag** | **string** | Indicates the item is secured by an electronic tag supplied by the merchandise supplier.  This tag is intended to reduce theft of merchandise and is meant to be deactivated at the register. If the electronic tag is not deactivated at point-of-sale register, the tag will be sensed by security equipment at a store entrance or exit and result in an alarm.  If `YES`, the item is secured by an electronic tag supplied by the merchandise supplier.  If `NO`, the item is not secured by an electronic tag supplied by the merchandise supplier. | [optional]
**supplyItemSecondaryDescription** | **string** | Indicates the item is for the home office only.  Exceptions department 5 and 6 WPM also uses this description for their labels. | [optional]
**isShelfRotationInd** | **string** | Indicates older merchandise should be moved to the front of the shelf.  If `YES`, older merchandise should be moved to the front of the shelf.  If `NO`, older merchandise does not need to be moved to the front of the shelf. | [optional]
**isCorporateReplenishable** | **string** | Indicates the item is re-orderable by the stores.  Indicates the item is re-orderable by the stores.   If `YES`, the item is re-orderable by the stores.  If `NO`, the item is not re-orderable by the stores. | [optional]
**isReplenishedByUnitInd** | **string** | Indicates the item is sold to the customer by weight.  This uses a random weight barcode (price embedded) and is ordered from the warehouse in units determined by the pack quantity.  If `YES`, the item is sold to the customer by weight.  If `NO`, the item is not sold to the customer by weight. | [optional]
**mbmTypeCode** | **string** | Indicates the modular based merchandise type.  This is the status of an item in reference to the modular. Valid values are:   | Value | Meaning | | --- | ----------- | | H | Hold. This is the default when item is created. | | P | Pending. The items removed from modular. They may not be carried in the future. | | M | Modular Driven. This is replenishable for stores based on modular. | | I | Item Driven. This is replenishable for stores based on the traits. | | [optional]
**replenishmentItemType** | **string** | Indicates the type of replenishment for an item. Valid values are:   | Value | Meaning | | ----------- | ----------- | | 03 | Promotional | | 07 | DSD Direct Store Delivery | | 20 | Warehouse | | 22 | Seasonal Warehouse | | 33 | Assembly Distribution | | 37 | Assembly Ship and Bill | | 40 | Import Warehouse | | 42 | Import Seasonal Warehouse | | 43 | Import | | [optional]
**crushFactorCode** | **string** | Indicates the code used by logistics to represents how prone a case is to being crushed when stacked on a pallet or truck.  Valid values are:  | Value | Meaning | | ----------- | ----------- | | 1 | Strongest | | 2 | Less Strong | | 3 | Least Strong | | [optional]
**warehouseAlignmentCode** | **string** | Indicates the code for the warehouse location is generated on purchase orders for merchandise which has different needs during distribution.   Valid values are:  | Value | Meaning | | ----------- | ----------- | | AP | Apparel Network | | CI | Regional Network | | PX | Pharmacy Replenishment | | RX | Pharmacy | | R0 | Slow Dry Phase I | | [optional]
**segregationCode** | **string** | Indicates the classification of items for slotting requirements to allow segregation of merchandise.  Valid values are:  | Value | Meaning | | ----------- | ----------- | | 3 | Chemical | | 8 | Animal Food | | 9 | Ammunition-Nonmetal Jacket | | 12 | Pesticides/Insecticides | | 13 | HBA | | [optional]
**commodityId** | **string** | Indicates  to group together items that can be shipped on the same truck.  Valid values are:  | Value | Meaning | | ----------- | ----------- | | 132 | Commodity Group 30 | | 110 | Commodity Group 11 | | 123 | Commodity Group 24 | | [optional]
**warehouseAreaCode** | **string** | Identifies types of merchandise to be stored in specific areas of a warehouse.  Valid values are:  | Value | Meaning | | ----------- | ----------- | | 1 | Fresh Meat | | 4 | Frozen | | 10 | Shoes | | [optional]
**warehouseRotationType** | **int** | Indicates how an item is rotated in a warehouse (grocery or regional).  Valid values are:  | Value | Meaning | | ----------- | ----------- | | 1 | Normal | Rotate by Received Date. This a normal rotation that can be determined by the distribution center. | | 2 | Strict | Rotate by Received Date. This is strict first in, first out rotation. | | 3 | Strict | Rotate by Sell By Date | | 4 | Strict | Rotate by Sequence Number | | [optional]
**eachDataCarriers** | [**\Walmart\Models\Supplier\US\Items\EachDataCarriers[]**](EachDataCarriers.md) | Indicates an array of objects representing data in a machine readable form.  This is used to enable automatic reading of the element strings. | [optional]


[[Back to Model list]](./) [[Back to API list]](../../../../../README.md#supported-apis) [[Back to README]](../../../../../README.md)
