# Walmart\Models\Supplier\US\Items\WalmartOrderAttributes

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**minimumAdvertisedPrice** | **float** | Indicates the item's lowest advertised price as agreed upon by the supplier and retailer. | [optional]
**signingDescription** | **string** | Indicates a more detailed store description that prints on a 3 x 5 shelf sign. | [optional]
**shopDescription** | **string** | Indicates a description of various groupings of clothing.  Combining the fineline number with the `shopDescription` creates the ticket description. This is only used for softlines and footwear.  Fineline refers to a group of items within a department that show similar sales patterns. Softlines refers tp goods that are literally soft, such as clothing and bedding. | [optional]
**goodsAndServicesType** | **string** | Indicates the description of type of good or service being sold.  Valid values are:  | Value | Meaning | | ----------- | ----------- | | Service  | The item is a service. | | Physical | The item is a physical object. | | Digital  | The item is a digital or electronic product. | | [optional]
**sustainabilityFeatureCode** | **string[]** | Indicates an item's feature contributes to sustainability initiatives. | [optional]
**flexibleSpendingAccountEligible** | **string** | Indicates the item is eligible for using a flexible spending account (FSA).  If `YES`, the item is eligible for using a flexible spending account (FSA).  If `NO`, the item is not eligible for using a flexible spending account (FSA). | [optional]
**stateRestrictions** | [**\Walmart\Models\Supplier\US\Items\StateRestrictions[]**](StateRestrictions.md) | Indicates a list of states and ZIP codes that the item cannot be sold in. | [optional]
**chemicalAerosolPesticide** | **string** | Indicates the item contains a chemical, pesticide, or aerosol.  If `YES`, the item contains a chemical, pesticide, or aerosol.  If `NO`, the item does not contain a chemical, pesticide, or aerosol.  For definitions and examples, see <a href=\"https://supplierhelp.walmart.com/s/guide?article=000007868\" target=\"_blank\">WERCSmart</a>. | [optional]
**electronicsIndicator** | **string** | Indicates the item is electronic.  An electronic device is defined as item of merchandise containing a circuit board and/or electrical wiring, including, but not limited to, any item of merchandise with a screen.  If `YES`, the item is electronic.  If `NO`, the item is not electronic. | [optional]
**batteryTechnologyType** | **string** | Indicates the battery technology type. | [optional]
**hasFuelContainer** | **string** | Indicates the item has an empty container that may be filled with fluids.  Examples of fluids include any type of fuel, carbon dioxide, and propane gas.  If `YES`, the item has an empty container that may be filled with fluids.  If `NO`, the item does not an empty container that may be filled with fluids. | [optional]
**containsPaperWood** | **string** | Indicates any portion of the item is made from paper or wood.  Reusable packaging is packaging that is intended to stay in use with the item. For example, a wooden box that a croquet set is stored after use is considered reusable packaging.  If `YES`, some portion of the item is made from paper or wood.  If `NO`, some portion of the item is not made from paper or wood. | [optional]
**containsMercury** | **string** | Indicates the item contains mercury.  This includes any component, such as reusable packaging, that has mercury. For example, a wooden box that a croquet set is stored after use is considered reusable packaging.  If `YES`, the item contains mercury.  If `NO`, the item does not contain mercury. | [optional]
**isCpscRegulatedInd** | **string** | Indicates the item is likely to be regulated by the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC).  If `YES`, the item is likely to be regulated by the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC).  If `NO`, the item is not likely to be regulated by the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC). | [optional]
**multipackIndicator** | **string** | Indicates the item has multiple components that may have different disposal requirements.  If `YES`, the item has multiple components that may have different disposal requirements.  If `NO`, the item does not have multiple components that may have different disposal requirements. | [optional]
**shipsInOriginalPackaging** | **string** | Indicates the product can be shipped in the original packaging without being put in an outer box.  If `YES`, the product can be shipped in the original packaging without being put in an outer box.  If `NO`, the product cannot be shipped in the original packaging without being put in an outer box. | [optional]
**packagingMarkedReturnableIndicator** | **string** | Indicates the product packaging is marked as returnable with or without a deposit.  If `YES`, the product packaging is marked as returnable with or without a deposit.  If `NO`, the product packaging is not marked as returnable with or without a deposit. | [optional]
**hasRFID** | **string** | Indicates the product includes a radio frequency identification (RFID) tracking device.  If `YES`, the product includes a radio frequency identification (RFID) tracking device.  If `NO`, the product does not include a radio frequency identification (RFID) tracking device. | [optional]
**isVarietyInd** | **string** | Indicates assorted items will share one universal product code (UPC) and will be shipped in the same box and not as an assortment.  If `YES`, assorted items will share one universal product code (UPC).  If `NO`, assorted items will not share one universal product code (UPC). | [optional]


[[Back to Model list]](./) [[Back to API list]](../../../../../README.md#supported-apis) [[Back to README]](../../../../../README.md)
